= PhpBB3 Webservices

A phpbb3 drop-in addon for decent modern webservice access to phpbb3 data in XML and JSON formats.

== Installation

Put it in a subdirectory of your phpbb3 installation and name it something like webservice.

== Usage

* http://your_forum/webservice/index.xml.php
* http://your_forum/webservice/search.xml.php?search_id=egosearch
* http://your_forum/webservice/search.xml.php?search_id=newposts

(Currently only these are supported)

== Features

* Using whole phpbb3 backend (together with logged user's access and authorization)
* Aiming for nice and self-explanatory (or at least similar) paths

== TODO

Too much to list it all.

== Licensing and Copyrights

The MIT License. Full text below.

  Copyright (c) 2009 Tomek "Tomash" Stachewicz
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.
  
  

